C
[music]
My name is Quy. I'm from Hung Yen.
What I wish for this Tet holiday
is to have a girlfriend to bring home to
introduce to my
parents. What I don't wish for most is that my
girlfriend won't cheat on me like those old girlfriends. Yes, dear
friends, those of you who have
experienced relationships, I have a
very big mistake: blaming my
partner. For example, I'll say, "This person is not
good in this way, not good in that way, not good in
that way, not good in that way," and
this blaming will cause your
subsequent relationships to also break
down. Let me talk about karma first. Karma
is because we may not be faithful, so
we may be people who
toy with others. So when we
come to love, we will
like people who are not compatible
with us and we will not like people who are
compatible with us, causing
dissatisfaction or
dissatisfaction for the other person, leading to a
breakup. That is cause and effect.
So, in this cause and effect, if we want to
correct it...  How to correct this?
Think back on your
past relationships and what mistakes you made in
those relationships. The cause I sowed was the cause, the effect was the cause, the effect
was the effect. Each element
can be the cause, the effect,
and the result. So, if
you want a girlfriend, there's
too little time between now and Tet (Lunar New Year).
Therefore, you should
reflect on
your shortcomings that have caused women
heartache. That cause is the cause of self-cultivation
and karmic transformation. If you
strive to find
someone compatible, it will be
successful. Learning from experience is self-cultivation.
You'll see that this is wrong, that what
you did was wrong,
and you need to think deeply. The teacher said:
some ways of thinking automatically produce results,
and some ways of thinking don't.
Which way of thinking leads to
karmic transformation, and which does
n't?  The
teacher will share with you the mindset that
you must put yourself in the
other person's shoes, you must feel and
understand the suffering of
others when they receive what you give
them. That mindset will
immediately show signs of
karmic transformation. If the mindset is, "
Well, I'm doing it, but it's not very right,"
it won't show many signs of
karmic transformation; it will only guide you towards
future actions when you have the opportunity to
practice karmic transformation.
You understand these two ways of thinking: one way is to
deeply feel the suffering of
others because of
your actions. Feeling it
through your own remorse will lead to
immediate karmic transformation. That
is the way of thinking that allows us to transform our
karma. In spiritual practice, the word "practice" means to correct, and "action"
means to perform. By correcting the mind, we can
transform our karma. When our
mind is superficial and unable to
feel the suffering of others, it becomes a
mind of repentance, and then we can transform our
karma. So you have...  I hope that in
the new year
you will have a new opportunity and
many good things come your way. If you
don't
want that, then regarding your
mistakes, you must reflect deeply on
your wrong actions. This will help you
redirect your karma.
In love, it's the same. You
must truly feel the
extent of the hurt you've caused others, and whether they
find happiness in leaving you. Or
perhaps they have suffered
greatly and had no choice but to
leave. Regarding your question about
cheating, it's
likely that previous girlfriends
have left you for someone else.
My explanation to you is that you have
many shortcomings. I will share
some thoughts from a woman's perspective,
as I've experienced
love and
life as a woman. A woman's
feelings are like this: once she's
in love, she doesn't want to leave; she wants
her lover to stay.  That's
the heart of a girl, is
n't it, ladies? She
only wishes that the person she loves will
correct their flaws,
that the person she loves will love her, and that
she will dedicate herself to the person she loves. That
's the true heart of a girl. As for
those who only care about money, you
know that if someone comes to you only
for money, they will change very quickly.
You should discard such girls when you interact with them. You should
remove them from the
list of girls with depth of
thought. For example, if someone comes to you
only for money, they are happy when they have money and
unhappy when they don't.
You can
let them pass from
one man to another;
they will eventually die. The Buddha taught that there are three
types of horses: the first type understands their owner's intentions at a glance; the
second type only understands their owner's intentions when you strike them; and the
third type
only understands their owner's intentions when you poke them in the bone.  A
girl who only cares about money and lacks feelings
will eventually realize the truth in her life.
If your girlfriend leaves you for
money,
don't worry about her anymore. She can't
share the ups and downs of
life with you. Money
will make her
heartless and meaningless. Don't regret losing her. But if a girl
tells you, "Oh,
this isn't right," or "That is
n't right," or "What should
we do to be better?", then
that girl is
precious. She
always wants a better life,
she wants to correct
her mistakes, and she wants her man
to become a true gentleman.
That girl is
very valuable, and she will
share the hardships with you.  They will be
patient, and when faced with difficulties,
they will think things through instead of acting rashly.
Those are good girls,
precious girls. As for you, Quy, you
can also find
such precious girls if you look
for your own flaws and
correct them. That kind of heart will attract
precious girls to
you. Let's ignore appearances; you
can use makeup,
shoes, money, and clothes—those can be changed.
But a person's character—if
it's too stubborn, too wicked, it's hard to change, isn't it? It's very difficult to
change.
Everyone wants their girlfriend to be pretty. Don't worry, even if someone is
ugly, they now have a sense of
aesthetics,
so they're not that bad.
Guys, just make money, have
money to buy your wife makeup, and she'll be beautiful! So, I'm
telling you, Quy, so sow
that seed, and you'll receive a precious girl in return.
Sow the seed of a heart that
always corrects its mistakes and strives for
self-improvement, and you will have a precious girl.
Dear friends,
yesterday I had a friend from the South who
called me and confided in me like this: "I'm
36 years old this year, I've been married for
12 years,
but out of 360 days a year, we
argue 360 ​​days a year. I don't know what
a happy day is like,
because my wife is hot-tempered and I'm
also hot-tempered. If we just talk for
a little while, we start fighting, and we
fight constantly." You see,
happiness in life comes from within,
not from
material things. Happiness is when your heart is
satisfied. That's what happiness is. Even if
two people talk to each other
day and night, like lovers who
talk all day without getting
bored, or even all night, and then
wonder how quickly it all went by, they've talked all
night long. They
can talk about one thing after another, but they can eat anything, even a
packet of instant noodles. But if two people
are arguing, will even a delicious meal taste good?
So you have to...  The element of
love is the element of the heart, and it needs to be
satisfied. What does the heart consist of?
When angry, is it being soothed by someone else, that
is, forgiveness? When
angry, is it being said, "Stop being
angry, why are you doing this? Let's not be angry anymore, you'll be angry later." The
heart, when it's
soothed by loving words,
will feel happy. But what
if, while angry, you say, "What are you going to say?" If you don't say anything,
then
leave. Call me when you're no longer angry.
Which of these two ways of behaving
makes the angry person's heart feel
comfortable? The first way is to ignore it,
so the heart must be
soothed, it must be done at the right time. There must be give and take,
then there is connection.
When you're angry, what do you do? You find a
way to do that. I'll also introduce you to the
Love, Marriage, and
Family Life Club. I will guide you to
understand the heart, and from that understanding,
you will be very quick to handle things.
Because if you ever get angry at someone,
you should follow this.  This anger,
how
long does it last? You have to personally experience it before you can
practice it. When you're
angry at someone, try to experience
how long it lasts, and
what you desire during that moment of anger.
When you master this,
you'll be able to handle the person who's angry with you
intelligently and without any
obstacles. You'll see
your mind at that moment—what you need, what you
need—
how happy you'd be if someone had told you this!
Just three
such experiences will allow you to
approach angry people with
joy the next time you face them. Even if they're
wrong, you can still ask them questions. Do you
want to try practicing this? It's
very beneficial! If
you practice like this,
you'll gain the love you desire.
This is what I'm
sharing with you men. Actually, women have
a sense of pride, a kind of
arrogance that few women can
express.
Silently, because the person who loves
you is someone who can handle
situations in your relationship,
right,
ladies? People have pride because they
are capable, their lover is very capable, making
them not angry. After answering,
she asked, "Is this a practice?
Practice it whenever you are angry with someone, and then
practice the second step: when
someone else is angry with you, go and make
amends. See if it's easier than before
you practiced.
So, the nature of practice is the
nature that allows you to control yourself
and control others. That
's where you'll find happiness. People
say the happiness of
practice is lasting happiness. If
we seek happiness from the outside,
we won't have lasting happiness.
For example, I see this flower, it's
so beautiful, I feel joy and
delight, but this flower has to
endure change, it
can wither. When it withers,
the happiness in my heart
will...  What is lost? It's lost, that's why in
Buddhism it's called impermanence, meaning it's not
permanent. It's constantly changing,
that's why it's called impermanence. Because external things are
constantly changing, and if we
cling to them and find happiness in them,
we will suffer. In Buddhism, it's
called formation, existence, decay, and emptiness. If something
begins to form and take shape,
we like it, but it
must decay. So if we like it
when it's beautiful and thriving,
we will be sad when it's destroyed.
Therefore, the key is our consciousness. We
must control
our consciousness, and that will bring
us the most lasting and sustainable happiness.
[Applause]
[Music]